
#### 대중교통 선호도 조사
In Korea, when people get their driver's license, they are able to drive.
However, in my case, since I live near Seoul, driving a car is quite inconveninent due to the heavy traffic and a lack of parking spaces.
Because of this, many people, including myself, heavily rely on the subway system.
The Seoul subway is very useful because it connects to many surrounding cities near the capital.
Therefore, I prefer taking the subway because it's often cheaper and sometimes even faster than driving.


#### 대중교통 관련 경험

Actually, although I currently live in Suwon which is near Seoul, I spent most of my life in Gwangju. The Gwangju subway system is very simple because it only has one line.
Seoul, however, was a completely different story. It has so many different lines, and the subway map is complicated. Furthermore, they have systems like transfers and express trains.
I remember once I was heading to a job interview, relying fully on my mobile map application. I was following the app's direction, but suddenly the train pass my stop.
It was an express system where certain trains skip specific stations on the line.
I was so panicked that I immediately got off the train and quickly grabbed a taxi to my destination.


#### 대중교통 관련 경험 2

That sounds like a similar question just before. Hmm., let me think of a different experience...
Typically, subways don't have traffic jams. The only issu is that they get exteremly crowded during rush hour.
Howerer, there are times when I really regret taking the subway.
If there's an issu with the track, line or something else, the entire subway system can temporarly shut down, causing long delays.
In my case, I once had a delay that lasted over an hour because of a problem with the train ahead of us.
Such that case, the station office usually issues a dely certificate for the passengers. This allows me to prove that situation was unavoidable.
Have you ever experinced anything like this while taking public tranportation?