### You indicated in the survey that you listen to music. What kind of music do you listen to, and who are some of your favorite musicians or composers?

That's actuaaly a tough question to choose just one specific genre. If i had to pick a few keywords, I'd say dI'm really into indie music, band music, and hip-hop.
I love many artists who fall into these categories, such as 파노, 씨, 식 just to name a few.
Their music is incredible. While it might not be everyone's cup of tea, you can really feel the passion and energy in their work.
I particluarly love how various musical instruments come together to create a perfect harmony.
I enjoy music that fills my head with rhythm and beat when I listen to it, But i also like music that is relaxing and great for just zoning out or drunk.

### When and where do you usually listen to music? Do you listen to the radio, or do you go to concerts?

Last year, I had the chance to go to the Pentaport Rock Festival. The lineup was fantastic; the artist I mentioned before, 파노, was there, along the major musicians like 실카 큐떱.
Compared to listening to most music through a streaming app, hearing it live with ear at a concert was a truly overwhelming expereicen.
The crowd was huge, and we all jumped and song along together.
Since nobody know who I was, I could just let loose - dancing and screaming out loud.
The sound quality from the band was so intense that the ground actually felt like it was shaking.
It was such a fantasic experience-it almost felt like a ream.


### When did you first become interested in music? What kind of music did you first listen to, and how has your taste in music changed over time?

I think most people first get into music by listening to whatever is popular. 
I was no different. 
When I was younger, I mostly listened to group-based K pop and music that was frequently played on TV.
However, these days, I often find myself overthinking things, or somtimes I just feel too tired to move.
During those times, I prefer sounds that feel raw and honest, rather than recording mechanical music like synthesizers.
I like trackls that have minimal lyrics but are full of rhythm for storytelling.
I think this is why I was attracted to indie and band music.
what about you? what kind of music are you into these days?