### You indicated in the survey that you go to parks. Tell me about a park you like to visit. What is it like? What do people usually do there?

The park I visit most often is ilwol Resevoir Park. As the name suggests, it has a large reservoir in the middle with a park surrounding it.
I really like it because there are various plants and trees, and they even have an arboreteum inside.
It's located right in front of my house, so it only takes about 10 minutes to walk there.
I love going there because walking or running in the park always makes me feel good and helps me calm down.
When I walk, I usually go alone.
But I also have friends who are into running, so sometimes we run together.

### What do you usually do at the park? What activities do you enjoy? Describe a typical day at the park from beginning to end.

I do sometimes go for a walk, but I make sure to run at least twice a week. One lap around the reservoir is about 1.5 kilmoeters and i usually run two or three laps.
it's actuallly quite entertaning to observe people while i'm running. you see all sorts of people there, and a lot of dogs come for walks too.
i love seeing all the diverse activity.
sometimes i even get into a little competition whith other runners around the track.
after running, i buy a cold bottle of water on the way back home.



### Can you tell me about a memorable experience you had at a park? Was it interesting? Tell me what happened in detail.


Well, I have a good memory from Han Gang Park. you know when I first started running, i counldn't run more than 3 kilomters. i started running because i want to feel better and get more energy
later there was a small 10-kilomter marathon at hangang. many people joined and i decided to join the race too. i want to challenge myself.
that was my first time running over 10 km.
it was very hard but it felt great. i felt so proud because i did my best.
now i am training for a half-marathon. that is my next big goal.


