### Tell me about your country’s holidays. Where do people usually celebrate those holidays? How do they celebrate them?



### Tell me about a holiday you celebrated as a child. Where did you go, what did you do, and what are your memories of that holiday?



### What did you do on your last holiday? Who did you spend it with, and what activities did you do? Was it memorable for you?



### That’s the end of the situation. Talk about an exciting new product you have heard of. For example, it could be a phone, car, video game, or some other product. How did you learn about it? Tell me about the product in detail.


### How has the way people buy food changed over the years? Where did people usually buy food in the past? Where do they usually buy it now?



### Food can get contaminated by bacteria. Food can go bad or become toxic. Tell me about something you heard on the news about this issue.


### Can you tell me about a healthy person you know? What is he or she like? Why do you think that person is healthy?


### Have you ever done something to stay healthy, such as eating healthy food or working out? What did you do, and how did you feel after trying it?


### You might have tried to improve your health, like quitting smoking or drinking. Perhaps you signed up for an exercise program. What did you try, and what was your reason for doing it?



### That's the end of the situation. Have you ever bought a piece of technology which was not what you wanted or different from what you had expected? Was the feature not what you wanted or did it just not work properly? Tell me exactly what was wrong and what you did to solve the situation.


### A lot of fast-food, take-out, or delivery restaurants are offering healthy choices these days. Why do you think these kinds of restaurants have made such changes?


### Tell me about the latest trends related to take-out or delivery food options. What recent changes have you noticed regarding takeout or delivery food?
